README.md, before:

> # PiSense
>
> Originally: graduation work, 3rd Bachelor at EPHEC Louvain-la-Neuve
>
> Development pursued after the defense (project was well seen by the jury). 

<img src="doc/PiSense-logo/PiSense_logo.svg" alt="PiSense logo" width="150px" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto;">

## The project

As part of a business request by Dreamnet SRL, an IoT system that tracks temperature, humidity and CO2 in a room is required to meet a future project to new needs.

Based on first feedback with Professor A. Dewulf (EPHEC), there is also interest in detecting Silicon Oxide from a client with a career.
This will allow the customer to prevent any risk related to the presence of Silicon Oxide at a rate too high.

### Goal

Allow the optimization of the staff environment.
Studies have shown that a room with the right room temperature and good air quality can help focus and improve human health and productivity.

Multiple articles have been published, both from researchers and journalists based on the various studies carried out.
To cite only a few french sources, these two are explaining in summary the value of monitoring and optimizing the environmental data of the workplace:

* <https://www.francetvinfo.fr/replay-radio/c-est-mon-boulot/la-chaleur-a-des-effets-negatifs-sur-la-productivite_3486911.html>
* <https://www.forbes.fr/management/bonheur-au-travail-le-corps-ce-grand-oublie/>

In addition, it seems that in the professional environment, air pollution is an aggravating factor for respiratory pathologies.
An article correlate the facilitated spread of COVID-19 in this type of environment, was published by Le Soir and is available at the following address:

* <https://www.rtbf.be/info/societe/detail_le-coronavirus-pourrait-rester-plusieurs-heures-dans-l-air-a-cause-de-la-pollution-atmospherique?id=10464049>

In the case of the teacher's return, it would be a matter of warning of a possible danger in a risky work environment.

## License

This project is currently not licensed but is subject to change during the development process.
It's made available on GitHub for "documentation" purpose.
If you want to distribute it and/or use it commercially, please reach me.

## Built With and For

![Raspberry Pi devices](https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry-Pi_devices-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=c51a4a&logo=raspberry-pi&logoColor=white) ![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=78909c&logo=python&logoColor=white)

![OVH VPS](https://img.shields.io/badge/OVH-VPS-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=123f6d&logo=ovh&logoColor=white) ![Operating system version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-19.10_LTS-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=e95420&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white) ![Python Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Flask-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=000000&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![PHP ATK Framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-Agile_Toolkit_(ATK4)-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=777BB4&logo=php&logoColor=white)

* [PyCharm Community Edition](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) - A great Python IDE

Commit message:

Switch from custom licensing to GNU GPL v3.0
This project is by now on protected under GNU General Public License v3.0.
It's made available on GitHub for "documentation" purpose. If you want to distribute it and/or use it commercially, please reach me before doing anything, thanks.

README.md, after:

> # PiSense
>
> Originally: graduation work, 3rd Bachelor at EPHEC Louvain-la-Neuve
>
> Development pursued after the defense (project was well seen by the jury). 

<img src="doc/PiSense-logo/PiSense_logo.svg" alt="PiSense logo" width="150px" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto;">

## The project

As part of a business request by Dreamnet SRL, an IoT system that tracks temperature, humidity and CO2 in a room is required to meet a future project to new needs.

Based on first feedback with Professor A. Dewulf (EPHEC), there is also interest in detecting Silicon Oxide from a client with a career.
This will allow the customer to prevent any risk related to the presence of Silicon Oxide at a rate too high.

### Goal

Allow the optimization of the staff environment.
Studies have shown that a room with the right room temperature and good air quality can help focus and improve human health and productivity.

Multiple articles have been published, both from researchers and journalists based on the various studies carried out.
To cite only a few french sources, these two are explaining in summary the value of monitoring and optimizing the environmental data of the workplace:

* <https://www.francetvinfo.fr/replay-radio/c-est-mon-boulot/la-chaleur-a-des-effets-negatifs-sur-la-productivite_3486911.html>
* <https://www.forbes.fr/management/bonheur-au-travail-le-corps-ce-grand-oublie/>

In addition, it seems that in the professional environment, air pollution is an aggravating factor for respiratory pathologies.
An article correlate the facilitated spread of COVID-19 in this type of environment, was published by Le Soir and is available at the following address:

* <https://www.rtbf.be/info/societe/detail_le-coronavirus-pourrait-rester-plusieurs-heures-dans-l-air-a-cause-de-la-pollution-atmospherique?id=10464049>

In the case of the teacher's return, it would be a matter of warning of a possible danger in a risky work environment.

## License

This project is by now on protected under GNU General Public License v3.0 (see [LICENSE file](LICENSE)).
It's made available on GitHub for "documentation" purpose.

Anyway, if you want to distribute it and/or use it commercially, please reach me before doing anything.
This condition is here since the very start of this repository project and is not meant to block the usage of my code.
It is only to be sure rights, patents and distribution are well respected based on me, the author.

## Built With and For

![Raspberry Pi devices](https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry-Pi_devices-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=c51a4a&logo=raspberry-pi&logoColor=white) ![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=78909c&logo=python&logoColor=white)

![OVH VPS](https://img.shields.io/badge/OVH-VPS-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=123f6d&logo=ovh&logoColor=white) ![Operating system version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-19.10_LTS-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=e95420&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white) ![Python Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Flask-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=000000&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![PHP ATK Framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-Agile_Toolkit_(ATK4)-informational?style=for-the-badge&color=777BB4&logo=php&logoColor=white)

* [PyCharm Community Edition](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) - A great Python IDE
